README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# 🚀 x402-open Integration
### First Dollar Bounty Submission

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-0.115.5-009688.svg)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
[![Solana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solana-Devnet-9945FF.svg)](https://solana.com/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Live-success.svg)](https://dfc5-105-114-16-6.ngrok-free.app/premium-data)

**Live Endpoint:** [`https://dfc5-105-114-16-6.ngrok-free.app/premium-data`](https://dfc5-105-114-16-6.ngrok-free.app/premium-data)

*Autonomous AI agent payments via HTTP 402 + Solana micropayments*

[Documentation](BOUNTY_SUBMISSION.md) • [Deployment Guide](DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md) • [X Thread](TWITTER_THREAD.md)

</div>

---

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [About](#-about)
- [Live Demo](#-live-demo)
- [Features](#-features)
- [Quick Start](#-quick-start)
- [Installation](#-installation)
- [Usage](#-usage)
- [API Reference](#-api-reference)
- [Architecture](#-architecture)
- [Testing](#-testing)
- [Deployment](#-deployment)
- [Challenges](#-challenges)
- [Roadmap](#-roadmap)
- [Resources](#-resources)

---

## 🎯 About

This repository demonstrates a working implementation of the **[x402 protocol](https://www.x402.org/)** for the [First Dollar bounty program](https://app.firstdollar.money/company/x402open/bounty/integrate).

The x402 protocol enables **autonomous AI agents** to discover, evaluate, and pay for API access without human intervention using:

- 💰 **HTTP 402 "Payment Required"** status codes
- ⚡ **Solana blockchain** for ~200ms settlement
- 🤖 **Structured payment metadata** for machine-readable requirements
- 💸 **Micropayments** as low as $0.001

### Why This Matters

Traditional APIs require manual setup (API keys, subscriptions, billing). AI agents can't autonomously access paid services.

**x402 changes this:** Agents can now discover APIs, evaluate costs, make autonomous payment decisions, and access services—all without human intervention.

---

## 🌐 Live Demo

**Facilitator Endpoint:**
```bash
https://dfc5-105-114-16-6.ngrok-free.app/premium-data
```

**Try it yourself:**
```bash
curl -v https://dfc5-105-114-16-6.ngrok-free.app/premium-data
```

**Expected Response:**
```http
HTTP/1.1 402 Payment Required
X-Payment-Required: true
X-Payment-Amount: 0.10
X-Payment-Address: [SOLANA_WALLET]
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "error": "Payment Required",
  "x402_payment": {
    "amount": "0.10",
    "token_mint": "EPjFWdd5AufqSSqeM2qN1xzybapC8G4wEGGkZwyTDt1v",
    "payment_address": "[WALLET_ADDRESS]",
    "network": "solana-devnet",
    "description": "Premium market data access"
  }
}
```

---

## ✨ Features

- ✅ **HTTP 402 Implementation** - Proper "Payment Required" responses
- ✅ **Solana Integration** - Devnet support with USDC token
- ✅ **Payment Metadata** - Structured JSON with all payment details
- ✅ **Lightweight** - Runs on 646MB RAM (mobile Linux/Termux)
- ✅ **FastAPI Server** - Modern, async Python web framework
- ✅ **Public Endpoint** - Exposed via ngrok tunnel
- ✅ **Test Suite** - Automated endpoint verification
- ✅ **Production Ready** - Clear path to full implementation

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.8+
- Solana wallet address (devnet)
- ngrok (for public exposure)

### 1. Clone & Install

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone <your-repo-url>
cd x402-bounty

# Create virtual environment
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 2. Configure Environment

Create `.env` file:

```env
X402_PAYMENT_ADDRESS=YOUR_SOLANA_WALLET_ADDRESS
X402_TOKEN_MINT=EPjFWdd5AufqSSqeM2qN1xzybapC8G4wEGGkZwyTDt1v
X402_NETWORK=solana-devnet
PORT=8402
```

### 3. Run Server

```bash
python server.py
```

Output:
```
INFO:     Started server process [12345]
INFO:     Waiting for application startup.
INFO:     Application startup complete.
INFO:     Uvicorn running on http://0.0.0.0:8402 (Press CTRL+C to quit)
```

### 4. Test Locally

```bash
# Run test suite
python test_server.py

# Or manual testing
curl http://localhost:8402/
curl http://localhost:8402/premium-data
```

### 5. Expose Publicly

```bash
# In new terminal
ngrok http 8402
```

Copy the `https://....ngrok-free.app` URL

---

## 📦 Installation

### System Requirements

| Component | Requirement |
|-----------|-------------|
| Python | 3.8+ |
| RAM | 50MB+ available |
| Platform | Linux, macOS, Windows, Termux |
| Network | Internet connection |

### Dependencies

**Minimal Setup** (current implementation):
```txt
fastapi==0.115.5
uvicorn==0.32.1
python-dotenv==1.0.0
```

**Full Setup** (with payment verification):
```txt
fastapi==0.115.5
uvicorn==0.32.1
python-dotenv==1.0.0
openlibx402-core==0.1.0
openlibx402-fastapi==0.1.0
solders==0.21.0
solana==0.34.3
```

### Install Options

**Option 1: Minimal (Demo)**
```bash
pip install fastapi uvicorn python-dotenv
```

**Option 2: Full (Production)**
```bash
pip install -r requirements-full.txt
```

---

## 💻 Usage

### Basic Server Implementation

```python
from fastapi import FastAPI
from fastapi.responses import JSONResponse
import uvicorn
import os

app = FastAPI(title="x402-open Server")

# Configuration
X402_CONFIG = {
    "payment_address": os.getenv("X402_PAYMENT_ADDRESS"),
    "token_mint": "EPjFWdd5AufqSSqeM2qN1xzybapC8G4wEGGkZwyTDt1v",
    "network": "solana-devnet"
}

@app.get("/")
async def root():
    """Free endpoint - no payment required"""
    return {
        "message": "x402-open Integration Server",
        "status": "operational",
        "endpoints": {
            "free": "/health",
            "paid": "/premium-data"
        }
    }

@app.get("/premium-data")
async def premium_data():
    """Paid endpoint - requires x402 payment"""
    return JSONResponse(
        status_code=402,
        content={
            "error": "Payment Required",
            "x402_payment": {
                "amount": "0.10",
                "token_mint": X402_CONFIG["token_mint"],
                "payment_address": X402_CONFIG["payment_address"],
                "network": X402_CONFIG["network"],
                "description": "Premium market data access"
            }
        },
        headers={
            "X-Payment-Required": "true",
            "X-Payment-Amount": "0.10",
            "X-Payment-Address": X402_CONFIG["payment_address"]
        }
    )

if __name__ == "__main__":
    uvicorn.run(app, host="0.0.0.0", port=8402)
```

### Enhanced Implementation (Full OpenLibx402)

```python
from fastapi import FastAPI
from openlibx402_fastapi import payment_required, init_x402, X402Config

# Initialize x402
config = X402Config(
    payment_address="YOUR_WALLET",
    token_mint="USDC_MINT",
    network="solana-devnet"
)
init_x402(config)

app = FastAPI()

@app.get("/premium-data")
@payment_required(amount="0.10", description="Premium data access")
async def get_premium_data():
    """Automatically handles payment verification"""
    return {"data": "Premium content", "timestamp": "2026-02-05"}
```

---

## 📡 API Reference

### Endpoints

#### `GET /`
**Description:** Root endpoint, returns server information  
**Auth:** None  
**Response:** `200 OK`

```json
{
  "message": "x402-open Integration Server",
  "status": "operational",
  "facilitator": "/premium-data"
}
```

#### `GET /health`
**Description:** Health check endpoint  
**Auth:** None  
**Response:** `200 OK`

```json
{
  "status": "healthy"
}
```

#### `GET /premium-data`
**Description:** Premium endpoint requiring payment  
**Auth:** x402 payment  
**Response:** `402 Payment Required`

**Response Headers:**
```http
X-Payment-Required: true
X-Payment-Amount: 0.10
X-Payment-Address: [SOLANA_WALLET]
```

**Response Body:**
```json
{
  "error": "Payment Required",
  "x402_payment": {
    "amount": "0.10",
    "token_mint": "EPjFWdd5AufqSSqeM2qN1xzybapC8G4wEGGkZwyTDt1v",
    "payment_address": "[WALLET_ADDRESS]",
    "network": "solana-devnet",
    "description": "Premium market data access"
  }
}
```

### Payment Metadata Schema

```typescript
{
  amount: string;           // Payment amount in token units
  token_mint: string;       // Token contract address
  payment_address: string;  // Recipient wallet address
  network: string;          // Blockchain network
  description?: string;     // Optional payment description
  expires_at?: string;      // Optional expiration timestamp
}
```

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

### System Overview

```
┌─────────────┐         ┌──────────────┐         ┌────────────┐
│  AI Agent   │  ─1─→   │  API Server  │         │ Blockchain │
│   (Client)  │         │   (FastAPI)  │         │  (Solana)  │
└─────────────┘         └──────────────┘         └────────────┘
       │                        │                        │
       │  GET /premium-data     │                        │
       ├───────────────────────→│                        │
       │                        │                        │
       │  402 Payment Required  │                        │
       │←───────────────────────┤                        │
       │                        │                        │
       │  Create Payment TX     │                        │
       ├────────────────────────┼───────────────────────→│
       │                        │                        │
       │                        │   Verify Transaction   │
       │                        │←───────────────────────┤
       │                        │                        │
       │  GET /premium-data     │                        │
       │  + Payment Proof       │                        │
       ├───────────────────────→│                        │
       │                        │                        │
       │  200 OK + Data         │                        │
       │←───────────────────────┤                        │
```

### Technology Stack

| Layer | Technology | Purpose |
|-------|------------|---------|
| **Web Framework** | FastAPI | HTTP server, async support |
| **Server** | Uvicorn | ASGI server |
| **Blockchain** | Solana Devnet | Payment settlement |
| **Token** | USDC | Stablecoin payments |
| **Tunnel** | ngrok | Public endpoint exposure |
| **Language** | Python 3.12 | Implementation |

### Project Structure

```
x402-bounty/
├── server.py                    # Main FastAPI application
├── test_server.py               # Automated test suite
├── requirements.txt             # Python dependencies
├── .env                        # Environment configuration
├── README.md                   # This file
├── DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md     # Deployment guide
├── BOUNTY_SUBMISSION.md        # Technical documentation
└── TWITTER_THREAD.md           # X thread template
```

---

## 🧪 Testing

### Automated Tests

Run the complete test suite:

```bash
python test_server.py
```

**Test Coverage:**
- ✅ Server startup and health
- ✅ Root endpoint accessibility
- ✅ Premium endpoint returns 402
- ✅ Payment metadata structure
- ✅ Response header validation

### Manual Testing

**Test Local Endpoint:**
```bash
# Root endpoint
curl http://localhost:8402/

# Premium endpoint (should return 402)
curl -v http://localhost:8402/premium-data
```

**Test Public Endpoint:**
```bash
# Replace with your ngrok URL
curl -v https://your-url.ngrok-free.app/premium-data
```

**Expected Results:**

| Test | Expected Status | Expected Content |
|------|----------------|------------------|
| `GET /` | 200 OK | Server info JSON |
| `GET /health` | 200 OK | Health status |
| `GET /premium-data` | 402 Payment Required | Payment metadata |

### Test Output Example

```
╔═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║           x402-open Server Test Suite                     ║
╚═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

Testing server at: http://localhost:8402

🔍 Root endpoint
============================================================
Testing: http://localhost:8402/
Expected status: 200
============================================================
✓ Status code: 200
✓ Expected status code matches!

Response body:
{
  "message": "x402-open Integration Server",
  "status": "operational"
}

============================================================
Test Results: 3/3 passed
============================================================

✓ All tests passed! Your server is ready.
```

---

## 🚢 Deployment

### Local Development

```bash
# Start server
python server.py

# Server runs on http://0.0.0.0:8402
```

### Public Deployment (ngrok)

**Terminal 1 - Server:**
```bash
cd x402-bounty
source venv/bin/activate
python server.py
```

**Terminal 2 - ngrok:**
```bash
ngrok http 8402
```

**Output:**
```
ngrok

Session Status                online
Account                       Your Account (Plan: Free)
Region                        Europe (eu)
Forwarding                    https://abc123.ngrok-free.app -> http://localhost:8402
```

### Keep Services Running (tmux)

```bash
# Install tmux
pkg install tmux  # Termux
sudo apt install tmux  # Ubuntu/Debian

# Create server session
tmux new -s server
cd x402-bounty && source venv/bin/activate && python server.py
# Detach: Ctrl+B, then D

# Create ngrok session
tmux new -s ngrok
ngrok http 8402
# Detach: Ctrl+B, then D

# List sessions
tmux ls

# Reattach to session
tmux attach -t server
```

### Production Deployment

For production use:

1. **Replace ngrok** with permanent hosting (AWS, GCP, Railway, Render)
2. **Add SSL/TLS** certificate
3. **Configure domain** name
4. **Set up monitoring** (logs, uptime)
5. **Add rate limiting**
6. **Implement caching**
7. **Enable CORS** if needed

---

## 💡 Challenges

### Challenge 1: Resource Constraints

**Problem:**
- Termux (mobile Linux) environment
- Only 646MB available RAM
- ARM64 architecture

**Solution:**
- Minimal dependency approach
- FastAPI instead of heavier frameworks
- Deferred full Solana SDK (~200MB)
- Protocol pattern first, enhancement later

**Impact:**
- ✅ Server runs smoothly on constrained hardware
- ✅ Total footprint: ~50MB
- ✅ Proved concept without full stack

### Challenge 2: ARM64 Compilation

**Problem:**
- Some Python packages (solders, solana) difficult to compile on ARM64
- Native dependencies require build tools

**Solution:**
- Implemented protocol without full SDK initially
- Used structured JSON for payment metadata
- Can add full packages when deploying to x86_64

**Impact:**
- ✅ Faster development iteration
- ✅ Working implementation without compilation issues
- ✅ Clear upgrade path

### Challenge 3: Public Endpoint Exposure

**Problem:**
- Termux runs in mobile environment
- No public IP address
- Need HTTPS for production

**Solution:**
- ngrok tunnel for public HTTPS endpoint
- Free tier sufficient for demonstration
- Documented upgrade path to permanent hosting

**Impact:**
- ✅ Publicly accessible facilitator endpoint
- ✅ Testable by judges and users
- ✅ Production-ready pattern established

---

## 🗺️ Roadmap

### ✅ Phase 1: Proof of Concept (Complete)

- [x] FastAPI server with HTTP 402
- [x] Payment metadata structure
- [x] Public endpoint via ngrok
- [x] Test suite
- [x] Documentation

### 🔄 Phase 2: Enhancement (In Progress)

- [ ] Install full OpenLibx402 packages
- [ ] Real Solana payment verification
- [ ] Transaction signing logic
- [ ] Payment timeout handling
- [ ] Error recovery

### 📋 Phase 3: Production (Planned)

- [ ] Permanent hosting deployment
- [ ] Database for transaction records
- [ ] Rate limiting by wallet
- [ ] Monitoring and logging
- [ ] Multi-tier pricing
- [ ] Analytics dashboard

### 🚀 Phase 4: Scale (Future)

- [ ] Multi-chain support (Ethereum, Base)
- [ ] Payment batching
- [ ] Subscription management
- [ ] Webhook notifications
- [ ] LangChain/AutoGPT integration
- [ ] SDK for common languages

---

## 📚 Resources

### Official Documentation

- **[x402 Protocol](https://www.x402.org/)** - Protocol specification
- **[OpenLibx402 Docs](https://openlibx402.github.io/docs/)** - Library documentation
- **[Solana Docs](https://docs.solana.com/)** - Blockchain reference
- **[FastAPI Docs](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)** - Web framework

### Related Projects

- **[x402-open Repository](https://github.com/VanshSahay/x402-open)** - Official implementation
- **[First Dollar Platform](https://app.firstdollar.money/)** - Bounty platform

### Community

- **X (Twitter):** [@x402open](https://x.com/x402open)
- **Solana:** [Solana Discord](https://discord.gg/solana)

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions welcome! To contribute:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

---

## 📄 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Built on the [X402 protocol](https://www.x402.org/) by Coinbase
- Powered by [Solana](https://solana.com/) blockchain
- Uses [OpenLibx402](https://openlibx402.github.io/docs/) library ecosystem
- [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/) web framework
- [First Dollar](https://app.firstdollar.money/) bounty program

---

<div align="center">

**Built for the autonomous AI economy** 🤖💰

**Platform:** Termux (Mobile Linux, ARM64)  
**Constraints:** 646MB RAM  
**Approach:** Pragmatic protocol implementation  
**Result:** Working x402 facilitator endpoint

---

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/)
[![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-0.115.5-009688.svg)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
[![Solana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solana-Devnet-9945FF.svg)](https://solana.com/)
[![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Live-success.svg)](https://dfc5-105-114-16-6.ngrok-free.app/premium-data)

[Try Live Endpoint](https://dfc5-105-114-16-6.ngrok-free.app/premium-data) • [Documentation](BOUNTY_SUBMISSION.md) • [Deployment Guide](DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md)

</div>

Commit message:

Revise live demo URLs and clean up README
Updated live demo links and removed project structure section.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# 🚀 x402-open Integration
### First Dollar Bounty Submission

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-0.115.5-009688.svg)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
[![Solana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solana-Devnet-9945FF.svg)](https://solana.com/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Live-success.svg)](https://dfc5-105-114-16-6.ngrok-free.app/premium-data)

**Live Endpoint:** [`https://dfc5-105-114-16-6.ngrok-free.app/premium-data`](https://dfc5-105-114-16-6.ngrok-free.app/premium-data)

*Autonomous AI agent payments via HTTP 402 + Solana micropayments*

[Documentation](BOUNTY_SUBMISSION.md) • [Deployment Guide](DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md) • [X Thread](TWITTER_THREAD.md)

</div>

---

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [About](#-about)
- [Live Demo](#-live-demo)
- [Features](#-features)
- [Quick Start](#-quick-start)
- [Installation](#-installation)
- [Usage](#-usage)
- [API Reference](#-api-reference)
- [Architecture](#-architecture)
- [Testing](#-testing)
- [Deployment](#-deployment)
- [Challenges](#-challenges)
- [Roadmap](#-roadmap)
- [Resources](#-resources)

---

## 🎯 About

This repository demonstrates a working implementation of the **[x402 protocol](https://www.x402.org/)** for the [First Dollar bounty program](https://app.firstdollar.money/company/x402open/bounty/integrate).

The x402 protocol enables **autonomous AI agents** to discover, evaluate, and pay for API access without human intervention using:

- 💰 **HTTP 402 "Payment Required"** status codes
- ⚡ **Solana blockchain** for ~200ms settlement
- 🤖 **Structured payment metadata** for machine-readable requirements
- 💸 **Micropayments** as low as $0.001

### Why This Matters

Traditional APIs require manual setup (API keys, subscriptions, billing). AI agents can't autonomously access paid services.

**x402 changes this:** Agents can now discover APIs, evaluate costs, make autonomous payment decisions, and access services—all without human intervention.

---

## 🌐 Live Demo

**Facilitator Endpoint:**
```bash
https:// will be live soon .ngrok-free.app/premium-data
```

**Try it yourself:**
```bash
curl -v https:// will be live soon .ngrok-free.app/premium-data 
```

**Expected Response:**
```http
HTTP/1.1 402 Payment Required
X-Payment-Required: true
X-Payment-Amount: 0.10
X-Payment-Address: [SOLANA_WALLET]
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "error": "Payment Required",
  "x402_payment": {
    "amount": "0.10",
    "token_mint": "EPjFWdd5AufqSSqeM2qN1xzybapC8G4wEGGkZwyTDt1v",
    "payment_address": "[WALLET_ADDRESS]",
    "network": "solana-devnet",
    "description": "Premium market data access"
  }
}
```

---

## ✨ Features

- ✅ **HTTP 402 Implementation** - Proper "Payment Required" responses
- ✅ **Solana Integration** - Devnet support with USDC token
- ✅ **Payment Metadata** - Structured JSON with all payment details
- ✅ **Lightweight** - Runs on 646MB RAM (mobile Linux/Termux)
- ✅ **FastAPI Server** - Modern, async Python web framework
- ✅ **Public Endpoint** - Exposed via ngrok tunnel
- ✅ **Test Suite** - Automated endpoint verification
- ✅ **Production Ready** - Clear path to full implementation

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.8+
- Solana wallet address (devnet)
- ngrok (for public exposure)

### 1. Clone & Install

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone <your-repo-url>
cd x402-bounty

# Create virtual environment
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 2. Configure Environment

Create `.env` file:

```env
X402_PAYMENT_ADDRESS=YOUR_SOLANA_WALLET_ADDRESS
X402_TOKEN_MINT=EPjFWdd5AufqSSqeM2qN1xzybapC8G4wEGGkZwyTDt1v
X402_NETWORK=solana-devnet
PORT=8402
```

### 3. Run Server

```bash
python server.py
```

Output:
```
INFO:     Started server process [12345]
INFO:     Waiting for application startup.
INFO:     Application startup complete.
INFO:     Uvicorn running on http://0.0.0.0:8402 (Press CTRL+C to quit)
```

### 4. Test Locally

```bash
# Run test suite
python test_server.py

# Or manual testing
curl http://localhost:8402/
curl http://localhost:8402/premium-data
```

### 5. Expose Publicly

```bash
# In new terminal
ngrok http 8402
```

Copy the `https://....ngrok-free.app` URL

---

## 📦 Installation

### System Requirements

| Component | Requirement |
|-----------|-------------|
| Python | 3.8+ |
| RAM | 50MB+ available |
| Platform | Linux, macOS, Windows, Termux |
| Network | Internet connection |

### Dependencies

**Minimal Setup** (current implementation):
```txt
fastapi==0.115.5
uvicorn==0.32.1
python-dotenv==1.0.0
```

**Full Setup** (with payment verification):
```txt
fastapi==0.115.5
uvicorn==0.32.1
python-dotenv==1.0.0
openlibx402-core==0.1.0
openlibx402-fastapi==0.1.0
solders==0.21.0
solana==0.34.3
```

### Install Options

**Option 1: Minimal (Demo)**
```bash
pip install fastapi uvicorn python-dotenv
```

**Option 2: Full (Production)**
```bash
pip install -r requirements-full.txt
```

---

## 💻 Usage

### Basic Server Implementation

```python
from fastapi import FastAPI
from fastapi.responses import JSONResponse
import uvicorn
import os

app = FastAPI(title="x402-open Server")

# Configuration
X402_CONFIG = {
    "payment_address": os.getenv("X402_PAYMENT_ADDRESS"),
    "token_mint": "EPjFWdd5AufqSSqeM2qN1xzybapC8G4wEGGkZwyTDt1v",
    "network": "solana-devnet"
}

@app.get("/")
async def root():
    """Free endpoint - no payment required"""
    return {
        "message": "x402-open Integration Server",
        "status": "operational",
        "endpoints": {
            "free": "/health",
            "paid": "/premium-data"
        }
    }

@app.get("/premium-data")
async def premium_data():
    """Paid endpoint - requires x402 payment"""
    return JSONResponse(
        status_code=402,
        content={
            "error": "Payment Required",
            "x402_payment": {
                "amount": "0.10",
                "token_mint": X402_CONFIG["token_mint"],
                "payment_address": X402_CONFIG["payment_address"],
                "network": X402_CONFIG["network"],
                "description": "Premium market data access"
            }
        },
        headers={
            "X-Payment-Required": "true",
            "X-Payment-Amount": "0.10",
            "X-Payment-Address": X402_CONFIG["payment_address"]
        }
    )

if __name__ == "__main__":
    uvicorn.run(app, host="0.0.0.0", port=8402)
```

### Enhanced Implementation (Full OpenLibx402)

```python
from fastapi import FastAPI
from openlibx402_fastapi import payment_required, init_x402, X402Config

# Initialize x402
config = X402Config(
    payment_address="YOUR_WALLET",
    token_mint="USDC_MINT",
    network="solana-devnet"
)
init_x402(config)

app = FastAPI()

@app.get("/premium-data")
@payment_required(amount="0.10", description="Premium data access")
async def get_premium_data():
    """Automatically handles payment verification"""
    return {"data": "Premium content", "timestamp": "2026-02-05"}
```

---

## 📡 API Reference

### Endpoints

#### `GET /`
**Description:** Root endpoint, returns server information  
**Auth:** None  
**Response:** `200 OK`

```json
{
  "message": "x402-open Integration Server",
  "status": "operational",
  "facilitator": "/premium-data"
}
```

#### `GET /health`
**Description:** Health check endpoint  
**Auth:** None  
**Response:** `200 OK`

```json
{
  "status": "healthy"
}
```

#### `GET /premium-data`
**Description:** Premium endpoint requiring payment  
**Auth:** x402 payment  
**Response:** `402 Payment Required`

**Response Headers:**
```http
X-Payment-Required: true
X-Payment-Amount: 0.10
X-Payment-Address: [SOLANA_WALLET]
```

**Response Body:**
```json
{
  "error": "Payment Required",
  "x402_payment": {
    "amount": "0.10",
    "token_mint": "EPjFWdd5AufqSSqeM2qN1xzybapC8G4wEGGkZwyTDt1v",
    "payment_address": "[WALLET_ADDRESS]",
    "network": "solana-devnet",
    "description": "Premium market data access"
  }
}
```

### Payment Metadata Schema

```typescript
{
  amount: string;           // Payment amount in token units
  token_mint: string;       // Token contract address
  payment_address: string;  // Recipient wallet address
  network: string;          // Blockchain network
  description?: string;     // Optional payment description
  expires_at?: string;      // Optional expiration timestamp
}
```

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

### System Overview

```
┌─────────────┐         ┌──────────────┐         ┌────────────┐
│  AI Agent   │  ─1─→   │  API Server  │         │ Blockchain │
│   (Client)  │         │   (FastAPI)  │         │  (Solana)  │
└─────────────┘         └──────────────┘         └────────────┘
       │                        │                        │
       │  GET /premium-data     │                        │
       ├───────────────────────→│                        │
       │                        │                        │
       │  402 Payment Required  │                        │
       │←───────────────────────┤                        │
       │                        │                        │
       │  Create Payment TX     │                        │
       ├────────────────────────┼───────────────────────→│
       │                        │                        │
       │                        │   Verify Transaction   │
       │                        │←───────────────────────┤
       │                        │                        │
       │  GET /premium-data     │                        │
       │  + Payment Proof       │                        │
       ├───────────────────────→│                        │
       │                        │                        │
       │  200 OK + Data         │                        │
       │←───────────────────────┤                        │
```

### Technology Stack

| Layer | Technology | Purpose |
|-------|------------|---------|
| **Web Framework** | FastAPI | HTTP server, async support |
| **Server** | Uvicorn | ASGI server |
| **Blockchain** | Solana Devnet | Payment settlement |
| **Token** | USDC | Stablecoin payments |
| **Tunnel** | ngrok | Public endpoint exposure |
| **Language** | Python 3.12 | Implementation |

## 🧪 Testing

### Automated Tests

Run the complete test suite:

```bash
python test_server.py
```

**Test Coverage:**
- ✅ Server startup and health
- ✅ Root endpoint accessibility
- ✅ Premium endpoint returns 402
- ✅ Payment metadata structure
- ✅ Response header validation

### Manual Testing

**Test Local Endpoint:**
```bash
# Root endpoint
curl http://localhost:8402/

# Premium endpoint (should return 402)
curl -v http://localhost:8402/premium-data
```

**Test Public Endpoint:**
```bash
# Replace with your ngrok URL
curl -v https://your-url.ngrok-free.app/premium-data
```

**Expected Results:**

| Test | Expected Status | Expected Content |
|------|----------------|------------------|
| `GET /` | 200 OK | Server info JSON |
| `GET /health` | 200 OK | Health status |
| `GET /premium-data` | 402 Payment Required | Payment metadata |

### Test Output Example

```
╔═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║           x402-open Server Test Suite                     ║
╚═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

Testing server at: http://localhost:8402

🔍 Root endpoint
============================================================
Testing: http://localhost:8402/
Expected status: 200
============================================================
✓ Status code: 200
✓ Expected status code matches!

Response body:
{
  "message": "x402-open Integration Server",
  "status": "operational"
}

============================================================
Test Results: 3/3 passed
============================================================

✓ All tests passed! Your server is ready.
```

---

## 🚢 Deployment

### Local Development

```bash
# Start server
python server.py

# Server runs on http://0.0.0.0:8402
```

### Public Deployment (ngrok)

**Terminal 1 - Server:**
```bash
cd x402-bounty
source venv/bin/activate
python server.py
```

**Terminal 2 - ngrok:**
```bash
ngrok http 8402
```

**Output:**
```
ngrok

Session Status                online
Account                       Your Account (Plan: Free)
Region                        Europe (eu)
Forwarding                    https://abc123.ngrok-free.app -> http://localhost:8402
```

### Keep Services Running (tmux)

```bash
# Install tmux
pkg install tmux  # Termux
sudo apt install tmux  # Ubuntu/Debian

# Create server session
tmux new -s server
cd x402-bounty && source venv/bin/activate && python server.py
# Detach: Ctrl+B, then D

# Create ngrok session
tmux new -s ngrok
ngrok http 8402
# Detach: Ctrl+B, then D

# List sessions
tmux ls

# Reattach to session
tmux attach -t server
```

### Production Deployment

For production use:

1. **Replace ngrok** with permanent hosting (AWS, GCP, Railway, Render)
2. **Add SSL/TLS** certificate
3. **Configure domain** name
4. **Set up monitoring** (logs, uptime)
5. **Add rate limiting**
6. **Implement caching**
7. **Enable CORS** if needed

---

## 💡 Challenges

### Challenge 1: Resource Constraints

**Problem:**
- Termux (mobile Linux) environment
- Only 646MB available RAM
- ARM64 architecture

**Solution:**
- Minimal dependency approach
- FastAPI instead of heavier frameworks
- Deferred full Solana SDK (~200MB)
- Protocol pattern first, enhancement later

**Impact:**
- ✅ Server runs smoothly on constrained hardware
- ✅ Total footprint: ~50MB
- ✅ Proved concept without full stack

### Challenge 2: ARM64 Compilation

**Problem:**
- Some Python packages (solders, solana) difficult to compile on ARM64
- Native dependencies require build tools

**Solution:**
- Implemented protocol without full SDK initially
- Used structured JSON for payment metadata
- Can add full packages when deploying to x86_64

**Impact:**
- ✅ Faster development iteration
- ✅ Working implementation without compilation issues
- ✅ Clear upgrade path

### Challenge 3: Public Endpoint Exposure

**Problem:**
- Termux runs in mobile environment
- No public IP address
- Need HTTPS for production

**Solution:**
- ngrok tunnel for public HTTPS endpoint
- Free tier sufficient for demonstration
- Documented upgrade path to permanent hosting

**Impact:**
- ✅ Publicly accessible facilitator endpoint
- ✅ Testable by judges and users
- ✅ Production-ready pattern established

---

## 🗺️ Roadmap

### ✅ Phase 1: Proof of Concept (Complete)

- [x] FastAPI server with HTTP 402
- [x] Payment metadata structure
- [x] Public endpoint via ngrok
- [x] Test suite
- [x] Documentation

### 🔄 Phase 2: Enhancement (In Progress)

- [ ] Install full OpenLibx402 packages
- [ ] Real Solana payment verification
- [ ] Transaction signing logic
- [ ] Payment timeout handling
- [ ] Error recovery

### 📋 Phase 3: Production (Planned)

- [ ] Permanent hosting deployment
- [ ] Database for transaction records
- [ ] Rate limiting by wallet
- [ ] Monitoring and logging
- [ ] Multi-tier pricing
- [ ] Analytics dashboard

### 🚀 Phase 4: Scale (Future)

- [ ] Multi-chain support (Ethereum, Base)
- [ ] Payment batching
- [ ] Subscription management
- [ ] Webhook notifications
- [ ] LangChain/AutoGPT integration
- [ ] SDK for common languages

---

## 📚 Resources

### Official Documentation

- **[x402 Protocol](https://www.x402.org/)** - Protocol specification
- **[OpenLibx402 Docs](https://openlibx402.github.io/docs/)** - Library documentation
- **[Solana Docs](https://docs.solana.com/)** - Blockchain reference
- **[FastAPI Docs](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)** - Web framework

### Related Projects

- **[x402-open Repository](https://github.com/VanshSahay/x402-open)** - Official implementation
- **[First Dollar Platform](https://app.firstdollar.money/)** - Bounty platform

### Community

- **X (Twitter):** [@x402open](https://x.com/x402open)
- **Solana:** [Solana Discord](https://discord.gg/solana)

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions welcome! To contribute:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

---

## 📄 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Built on the [X402 protocol](https://www.x402.org/) by Coinbase
- Powered by [Solana](https://solana.com/) blockchain
- Uses [OpenLibx402](https://openlibx402.github.io/docs/) library ecosystem
- [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/) web framework
- [First Dollar](https://app.firstdollar.money/) bounty program

---

<div align="center">

**Built for the autonomous AI economy** 🤖💰

**Platform:** Termux (Mobile Linux, ARM64)  
**Constraints:** 646MB RAM  
**Approach:** Pragmatic protocol implementation  
**Result:** Working x402 facilitator endpoint

---

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/)
[![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-0.115.5-009688.svg)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
[![Solana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solana-Devnet-9945FF.svg)](https://solana.com/)
[![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Live-success.svg)](https://dfc5-105-114-16-6.ngrok-free.app/premium-data)

[Try Live Endpoint](https://dfc5-105-114-16-6.ngrok-free.app/premium-data) • [Documentation](BOUNTY_SUBMISSION.md) • [Deployment Guide](DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md)

</div>
